README.md, before:



## line 4 from branch2
>>>>>>> b1b7491... adding line4 from branch2
# exercise
A line by Ranjini Chaudhary.\
## **Made the changes from a new branch.** -*Ranjini*\
***A line from Ranjini's new branch***
**This line is from exercise new branch**
you can use this repo to do some exercise.
This line is added by rahul kulabhi from master branch.
some modification to previous mistaske.
This link from rkbranch to conflict with master brach.

Making change to the exercise repo from exercise_branch in local environment and merging it with master for assignment point #7

you can use this repo to do some exercise
Madhurhita edited from newBranch


newline by Bipasha
another line which is added in the newfeature brunch.

i'm inserting this line and sending pull request
1st rebash
2nd rebash
3rd rebash

This is a readme file where I will start my exercise.
I have added a new line in the new feature branch.




1st commit fork
change in newbranch from local
change 2
change 3

this is my 2nd repo


this is my 3nd repo


Hello........


Hello........

Hello........



Hello2........

I am editing this files


Creating a new branch
Remote changes

Hello.... Its from local
Hello.... Its from remote
Hello.... Its from remote


# ADDED LINE 1
# ADDED LINE 2
# ADDED LINE 3
# ADDED LINE 4

This line has been added from the newfeaturebranch by Sayak Das
Another line added by Sayak Das
Fourth line added by Sayak Das

you can use this repo to do some exercise. This is the example of Forking process.
The changes from newbranch1.

# exercise from Codeclouds
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
From Codeclouds.

Commit message:

SQUASH ALL PREVIOUS SEQUENTIAL COMMITS INTO ONE
from local before rebase

some changes in the README file-This message is edited using interactive rebase

Before rebase

exercise_newbranch_file6 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file7 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file8 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file9 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file10 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file11 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file12 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file13 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file14 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file15 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file16 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file17 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file18 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file19 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file20 additiion

exercise_newbranch_file3 additiion

README.md, after:

### TEST BEFORE REBASE
## line from master
this is a merge from the branch2 to the master in the local __this line is added after conflict resolution while merge from branch2 to master__
>>>>>>> 626a4c8... This message is edited using interactive rebase

<<<<<<< HEAD

## line 4 from branch2
>>>>>>> b1b7491... adding line4 from branch2
=======
*some modifications for testing*
## line 5 from branch2

>>>>>>> 4bd8030... some changes in the README file-This message is edited using interactive rebase
# exercise
A line by Ranjini Chaudhary.\
## **Made the changes from a new branch.** -*Ranjini*\
***A line from Ranjini's new branch***
**This line is from exercise new branch**
you can use this repo to do some exercise.
This line is added by rahul kulabhi from master branch.
some modification to previous mistaske.
This link from rkbranch to conflict with master brach.

Making change to the exercise repo from exercise_branch in local environment and merging it with master for assignment point #7

you can use this repo to do some exercise
Madhurhita edited from newBranch


newline by Bipasha
another line which is added in the newfeature brunch.

i'm inserting this line and sending pull request
1st rebash
2nd rebash
3rd rebash

This is a readme file where I will start my exercise.
I have added a new line in the new feature branch.




1st commit fork
change in newbranch from local
change 2
change 3

this is my 2nd repo


this is my 3nd repo


Hello........


Hello........

Hello........



Hello2........

I am editing this files


Creating a new branch
Remote changes

Hello.... Its from local
Hello.... Its from remote
Hello.... Its from remote


# ADDED LINE 1
# ADDED LINE 2
# ADDED LINE 3
# ADDED LINE 4

This line has been added from the newfeaturebranch by Sayak Das
Another line added by Sayak Das
Fourth line added by Sayak Das

you can use this repo to do some exercise. This is the example of Forking process.
The changes from newbranch1.

# exercise from Codeclouds
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
From Codeclouds.
